Well, usually the terrorism is aimed at the
company first. The larger the company, the
greater visibility it's going to get as far as the
worldwide opinion is concerned, and that's
usually what the terrorists are looking for. A
subsidiary advantage that they're looking for,
of course, is the effect of whatever attack
they're making on the company, on the local
political situation, but Very rarely is a
terrorism directed at an individual unless he's
of such a level or has been so influential in local
politics, particularly, that they want him out of
the way. And normally, an executive of a
multinational company does not achieve that
level of local prominence. So that the attacks are
not directed against people personally,
generally. They're just intended to get the
maximum effect of world opinion. I heard a plant of
yours was burnt down. What was that? Well, that was
June 19th, 1969. Governor Rockefeller was
planning a trip through Latin America, and the day
before he was scheduled to retire, the terrorists
at 1 o'clock in the morning, this was the Tupomaro
terrorists in Uruguay, burned the
administration building and attempted to burn
our entire plant in Uruguay. A very small
operation. We only had 350 employees, but it was
one of the biggest in the country at the time. And
for world effect, it was very effective on their
part. It was the first time that an American
installation had been subjected to this kind of
international terrorism. And they certainly got
quite a bit of press coverage as a result of it.
Funny part about it is that the effect on the local
people in Uruguay was exactly contrary to what the
terrorists had expected. There was a tremendous
howl of outrage at every level, from government to
employees. As a matter of fact, the employees were
very upset when we tried to pay overtime for their
work in rebuilding the facilities. They wanted to
donate their time. It was a very, very flattering
and comforting thing to see that kind of reaction
of the Uruguayans themselves to an attack that was
calculated to drive them exactly in the other
direction. It's nice to see. It sure is. Well,
thank you very much. Thank you, Ms. Katz.
Thank
you.
you
.
Thank you.
Amen.
Thank
you.
Thank you.